what are you gonna do the cinnamon
challenge she definitely go at the same
time you gotta put it all in don't try
to swallow half a to it okay ml I want
to drink yeah you should have a drink
somewhere close oh maybe this is all
right if I go on I didn't do okay go
both a yeah oh you missed it get it in
your mouth oh no joke you gonna chew it
laughs oh she dropped most of it Oh
so this is take two are you gonna do it
see if they'll do it this time Sarah
chelsea chelsea zinn it now to chelsea's
this time me plate oh yeah cinnamon
apple is challenged by bar one two three
Chelsea is still good Chelsea good oh
they're gonna fight it lists else he
doesn't look good all them at all you
got go around front ain't no it's
expectedly so it learns like hell isn't
it no it's not Chelsea it's not burden
it's not toxic Ross is doing sounds like
cocoa in there Sarah slips are crumbling
oh don't make them laugh that's just me
you're doing so good girl come on tell
Sal looks so freaking serious man look
her eyes are watering if you can't do it
doesn't let it go crying Wow yeah it's
gone see oh let's video chat why I don't
gotta do it they're gonna do it under my
tongue she got it she did her first time
oh yeah like this yes Sarah's gonna do
it yeah yeah
oh goodness I'm so like you got this
kelp yeah peer pressure I got me a cup
of water would chef kajak I just knew
what my swing I'm not gonna be able to
do it you got it I know I do one two
three let your not here to live up
keep your mouth closed keep going cuz it
if you do it I'm gonna be so proud of
you know what your water is now start
know how are you doing so good yes the
burning stops it after a while if you
keep it in are you crying no are you
crying she has like her game face on God
like completely no no she's got this i'm
on a conference feels dumb i think i'm
gonna fry through it you look so
miserable right now yeah we can get to
first time I'm proud of you but she spit
out Oh
it was terrible oh my Kelsey you guys
are doing good yes you are the top of my
mouth and my lips hurt so bad oh I just
hear my toe are you swallowing it oh my
god you guys did it